I think I'd be okay.
Central on Nickelodeon.
Wheel paint, draw and make music.
Only on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
On house on name.
More time.
Baby toot.
I must warn you not to look directly at the creature.
Yes, way captain.
Family's going to the same park.
Buss Mer.
Captain.
You were leaving in a few minutes.
Mom, you don't understand.
I'll die if we run into Dylan Mark Chadley.
Dylan Mark Chadley.
Three.
Well, you have to go.
You have to go.
No, no, no, no, no.
Ratman disguised as ill mannered Bruce Wayne.
This Super Zero turns into an irritating little twerp
whenever I'm called for.
She likes you.
She wants such a turn.
I know you are, but what am I?
You, because I...
Using his super annoying powers.
Ratman fights a never ending battle
against his sister's nurse.
Me, I was watching that.
So?
So change it back.
You're not the boss of me.
Oh, you see this hand?
Yeah.
I should have been watching this one.
You two, stop fighting.
Now you stay on your side of the room
and you stay on yours and...
and anybody who crosses this line
is in serious trouble.
Sis, sis, I'm...
I'm sorry.
Will you forgive me?
I guess so.
Will you come over here and give me a hug?
Okay.
Man, coming all too soon
to a family much too near you.
All right, everybody in the car.
We're going to the amusement park.
Shut them.
And we are going to have the time of our lives
because I got 30 bucks.
Wow.
Just please do me a favor, okay?
If we see Dylan Mark Chadley...
Dylan Mark Chadley.
...not to act like too much of a dweeb, okay?
A dweeb?
A dweeb.
What kind of a dweeb
carries around 30 El Presidentes, hmm?
Hey, kids!
Make that next road trip more enjoyable.
At the Academy of Parental Irritation,
you'll learn useful phrases
to make the highway under control.
The fun gamer can't see how long they can hold it.
That's how long he can ignore their plaintive cries.
I really have to go!
Stop your griping.
We'll stop as soon as we run out of gas.
Now, what does everybody want to eat?
Hamburger!
No pizza!
The Italians are feeling a tangy sausage on the surface
with a delicate spinach and plain of puff pastry shell.
Sure, those are things you usually stop for,
but why not try something different?
Road kill.
Road kill?
That is right.
Hundreds of delicious and nutritious animals
are run over every day on our nation's highway.
Now they are available for your dining pleasure
at the Interstate House of Handcakes.
But I'm concerned about cholesterol.
Do not worry, Mom.
Our food is not cooked in heavy oils.
In fact, it is not cooked at all.
It's flat, and it's flat in the natural way, in traffic.
Hmm, it's a little bit like pavement pizza.
Look, Dad, I got a possum.
Hey, that's not just one possum, son.
Look, two tails.
The second one tried to eat the first one,
and they sort of got laminated.
Two possums for the price of one.
What a bargain.
If you're looking for the look...
Beagle, I'll get you some wasp and cream cheese.
Now you're talking!
Interstate House of Handcakes first.
Not just road kill, it is a meal.
We already see Abusement Park and me with 30 big ones.
What are we going to do first?
Waiting line.
Tired of those lines?
Get whoopee, I'm next.
The new product that helps you cut in line
by pretending to cut the cheese.
Sure, it looks like an ordinary whoopee cushion,
but with one important difference.
Ooh, realistic smell.
So get one today and say whoopee.
I'm next.
It was nothing, son.
Using the whoopee, everybody cleared out whoopers in line.
Wait a minute. It's a whoopee.
No, I left that in the car.
There's no substitute for natural talent.
Pull my arm and I'll clear this entire park.
Don't shoot there.
Ooh.
Back to Snick after this.
Nickelodeon's getting speedier, bugzier, and fuddier.
What a revolting development this is.
It's more of Baloonytunes you want every weekday on Nickelodeon.
Listen, be talking.
You quack me up.
I've murdered them.
It is me.
The first talking tub toy closed sold separately.
The signal goes out, Batman returns.
Catwoman's been spied.
The sound of power is heard.
Fire from Batman.
The of Batman.
Batman's turbo-powered Batmobile flies into high gear.
I'm out of here.
In a flash, it's a high-powered Batmobile.
Perfect getaway.
It's Rocket Flash Batman.
Rocket's screaming laser firing.
Happy landing, Batmobile.
Batman returns.
When I was a tyke, we got by with two kinds of snacks.
One's that tasted good and the one's that were good for you.
Now, long come these new Incredibytes.
Crispy bite-sized granola sandwiches filled with chocolate,
peanut butter, vanilla cream.
You get great taste and granola goodness in one little snack.
Con found it.
Why'd they have to go and upset the natural order of things?
New Incredibytes.
Incredibly, adibly good.
More roundhouse on Ning.
More time to sneak.
Zillenmark.
Parts of neighboring planets.
Yeah, so what's that got to do with you spending some time with your dad?
Well, I don't want him to see me with you.
So you're embarrassed?
Well, just a little.
All right, fine, fine.
You go ahead and do what you want.
I'll go and arrive with Bratman here.
What?
Welcome to popularity world,
where every girl is a cheerleader, every guy is buff,
and you're probably not too loud.
Yes, may I help you?
Yes, well, we would like to be popular.
Well, it'd be just you and what your friends like to be popular, too.
That's of course.
Unless there's not enough room.
That would just be like a movie.
Oh, right.
Either we all go or none of us goes.
Right.
I, for one, know the value of true friendship.
Oh, all for one and one for four.
Later losers.
And it's because she's going out with what's his name?
Zillen says you're not too shabby.
She said that.
No, of course you didn't say it.
He's much too cool to talk.
It's all body language.
He says if you're lucky maybe you can go on a ride with him later.
Yes, well, it's like total rare mortars.
So what ride do you want to go on, son?
I don't know.
Hey, is that your dad?
Yeah.
Well, then ride the relator.
The terrifying new trip designed especially for fathers and sons.
Keep your hands, your legs, and true feelings inside at all times.
And prepare for a moment of true...
Tabooor!
Okay, dad, son, start talking.
Through each other!
Not so fast!
You can't leave the relator until you've had a meaningful heart-to-heart father-to-son conversation.
So...
Dad...
Son, how was that?
Can we go now?
How about those mats?
I hate the mats.
Lily, me too.
Yeah?
I can't stand this.
You have something in common after all.
Now, don't you feel a lot better?
Woo!
Don't you think Dad deserves a hug from his favorite son?
Touching!
Get this on video now.
Hold it right...
Well, wait a minute.
Shooting video like this can be tricky business
unless you've gotten MomNavision,
the new camcorder with auto-bad focus and built-in headcropping.
MomNavision, new from parent Sonic,
made to take pictures the way your mother would.
Hey!
Hey, look at smoggy bear from the fire prevention commercials.
Quick, quick, get a shot of me with this guy.
Every year, hundreds of kids are injured
while trying to ignite flatulence.
Hey, Joey, watch this.
Okay.
But remember, never to fart around with fire.
Can I help you, son?
Yeah, I'd like to buy a small, undeveloped nation, please.
What?
It's a joke.
You hear this?
That is the sound of a 30-piece orchestra, my friend.
Give me a doofy dog, with everything.
That'll be 29 bucks.
Only 29, huh?
Put that.
Oh, no.
If the family finds out I blew all the spending money,
they'll never forgive me.
I gotta find a way to make some cash-ola and fast.
Milly, like, get a grip.
Here comes Dylan.
You might have to, like, talk to him himself.
Hi, Dylan.
It's okay.
You may address Dylan.
I was just wondering what ride you wanted to go on later.
How about the Mine Vendor?
No, the Mine Vendor's for wussies.
What about the Fine Twister?
No, not even.
The Fine Twister's for the spineless.
The Death Dropper?
I don't think so.
The Death Dropper's for pregos, pansies,
and people with heart trouble.
And I leave after me.
You people are really a bunch of suckas.
Dylan!
Oh, there's no you in doofy.
He's sickly my first job in six years.
Look at this doofy crap.
Somebody come up to 34.
Dylan says your dad's a loser.
You must be, too.
Oh, I have never been so humiliated in my life.
I can't believe you're such a dork.
Oh, sweetie, I did it for you.
No, no, no.
Leave me alone.
I'm sorry.
Look, he finally picked a ride.
Dylan's going on a run.
Which one?
The rolling avalanche?
The broken elevator?
The atomic wedgie?
He's going on that tea cup.
He's going on a tea cup.
Bye, you doofy dog.
Okay.
What about them?
No problem.
We're free to theme song and roll of credits.
Whenever my heart gets beat so down.
The official tabulators have just about finished
the official tabulation.
So stay tuned.
The results of your votes in Nickelodeon's kids
pick the president election are coming up tonight.
Only on SNCC.
That's good enough.
Take before a large studio on.
At Nickelodeon's studio.
At Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
An object in motion.
Cans to stay in motion.
Tonight, all the action, all the excitement,
all the power of NFL football
is brought to you in part locally by
Imperial Carpets,
Jerry Gleeson Dodge,
The Fireplace Inn,
Blake Shore Athletic Club,
The Century Shopping Center,
and Captain's Hard Time Restaurant.
To be a part of all the action,
the excitement, and the power of NFL football,
call Chicago Cable Advertising.
Chicago Cable Advertising.
Where advertising always gets the best reception.
And on the eighth day, Cable TV was created.
And that was good.
Soon, 80-cazillion channels could be seen across the land.
And what's better way to advertise your business
than on Cable TV?
Let Cable TV work for you and your business.
Chicago Cable Advertising lets you advertise
on the channels that people are watching.
Be a part of the miracle of Cable TV.
Call Chicago Cable Advertising today.
That's 708-699-9494.
McDonald's!
Hey, Cosmo.
How about a big map?
Cosmo.
What?
How about a big map?
That's right in my mind.
McDonald's, ma'am.
Let's watch.
Oh, I'm going to scrub my...
Kids, you can come into McDonald's now
for your free sample of new amazing fruit gummy bears
when you say...
You accept me!
Free amazing fruit gummy bears at McDonald's today.
Why does that berry, berry flavor
in new berry, berry kicks
taste so berry, berry, berry, berry big?
Because there's big berry flavor
and every crispy little bite
that's why that berry flavor tastes so berry big.
New berry, berry kicks.
It's a very crispy part of this complete breakfast.
The best part is...
The berry, berry flavor
in new berry, berry kicks
tastes so berry, berry, berry, berry big?
Attention, SNCC viewers.
This is a Kids Speak the President election update.
Now for Point Counterpoint with political correspondence,
Clarissa and Ferguson Darling.
I'm glad you guys called in.
Cos the results of tonight's election
could be really important.
There are still a lot of grown-ups out there
who haven't decided which of these guys they want
as our next president.
Maybe these undecided will listen to us.
Maybe they'll make the kids take their pick.
Our vote could really count.
I totally disagree.
If you wanted your vote to count,
you would have voted for me.
Sure, there's Bush, Clinton, and Perot.
What this country needs is our real choice.
Ferguson, W. Darling, president.
Now, time when our country
cries out the true leadership,
lower taxes, higher allowance.
I have been unfairly shut out.
I ask you, at 14,
or even Washington, Lincoln, or Jefferson,
more qualified to be president than I?
Pergwad, you've just been impeached.
Election Central has just reported
they'll announce the kids take the president
right after running Stimpy.
Well, Stimpy, what's on TV tonight?
Oh, Joy.
Hey, Ram, it's Commander Hork and Stimpy.
Happy, happy, happy.
Joy, joy, joy.
My favorite live-action drama.
Don't let it start. Don't let it start.
Roger, A.O.K., activate view screen.
I can't watch this show without my trusty
Commander Hork radar decoder ring.
My official Commander Hork space helmet.
Not to mention your genuine
super elastic time short.
Bet you don't have a pair of these, Earthling.
And...
my anti-gravity bubble gum.
All systems go.
Prepare for countdown.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five.
Faithful companion cadets, Stimpy.
As they roam the endless...
Prepare to surge to sublight speed.
Technology's thrilling headgear.
In-tingling toast.
Be there, scour the spaceways,
explore vast alien worlds.
Come in, cadets, Stimpy.
Do you read me?
Cadets, Stimpy here.
We read you.
Roger.
Roger here.
Okay, space cadets.
Prepare to hurt so through the cosmos
in today's turgid episode.
Captain's log.
Commander Hork here on a 36-year mission
to the crab nebula.
We've made this trip dozens of times.
You know, they say sometimes
people go crazy on these long trips.
They get the...
Space madness.
Mr. Science Officer,
commence relaxation period.
Aye-aye, Captain.
Well, it's break time.
We're not on duty for another six years.
So what do you want to do?
Why don't we just spend some quality time together?
You have to keep tapping like that!
You've brought a sack of protoplasm!
Hey, Cap, he's off.
Oh, hey, I'm sorry, man.
I... I just been cooped up here so long.
I think we both need a good hot meal.
Just hang on, okay?
Hmm, boy, I am starving.
How about that?
A three-course meal.
That's it.
I need some real food!
Relax, Cabin.
I'm here for you.
Let it out.
That's right.
Hey, I know what you need.
Yes, sir, a good hot bath
is the best thing for nerves.
Kill it out.
I'll turn off the gravity.
It'll help you relax.
What the pal?
This is a good life.
Just relax and let my mind drift.
I'll just lie back and think pleasant thoughts.
Chicken pot pie,
chocolate-covered raisins.
It glazed ham.
Oh!
He-he-he.
They think I'm crazy,
but I know better.
It is not I who am crazy.
It is I who am mad.
Didn't you hear them?
Didn't you see the crowd?
Oh, my beloved ice cream bar.
How I love to lick your creamy center
and your oh-so-nutty chocolate covering.
You're not like the others.
You like the same things I do.
Crackpapers.
To boil football leather.
Dog breath.
We're not hitchhiking anymore.
We're riding.
Topeth, you're talking crazy.
Oh, no.
I know what you want.
You covered it in my ice cream bar.
Come on now.
No, you don't.
You can't take it from me now.
I've had this ice cream bar
since I was a child.
People are always trying to take it from me.
Why won't they leave me alone?
Don't make me use it.
One step closer, I'm warning you.
I'll use on it.
You forced me to use it.
You poor crazy kid.
Captain Locke.
I'm tired.
So tired.
I can't believe my own partner attacked me.
Maybe if I occupy his mind
with more duties,
I can control his space.
Now listen, cadet.
I've got a job for you.
See this button?
Don't touch it.
It's the history of racer button, you fool.
So what'll happen?
Just eat.
We don't know.
Maybe something bad.
Maybe something good.
I guess we'll never know.
Because you're going to guard it.
He won't touch it, will you?
He, he, he.
Long can trusty cadet Stimpy hold out.
How can he possibly resist the diabolical urge
to push the button that could erase his very existence?
Will his tortured mind give in
to his uncontrollable desires?
Can he withstand the temptation to push the button
that even now beckons him ever closer?
Will he succumb to the maddening urge
to eradicate history at the mere
push of a single button?
The beautiful shiny button.
But shall he hold out, folks?
Can he hold out?
Tune in next week as
So in the ways, but they'll come back
to stay after this.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for us?
Is there underdog is here?
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
I'm Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
My career path was all over the place.
Did college, scored big in computers, won an Oscar.
Ratings on my TV debate were awesome.
Had an excellent political career.
So I got caught littering.
Littering!
You kept your cash?
Publish your memoirs. Be a star in sports, TV, or politics.
The fun is choosing your own winning combination
of fame, fortune, and happiness.
I need an experience card.
I'm old as with the moon.
Careers as unpredictable as the real world,
but a lot more fun.
Recently we compared two superheroes,
Dash and Super Guy and Kirby from Nintendo.
In some ways, Kirby lost big.
No big hair, no big muscles, no weapons, nothing.
All Kirby's got is appetite.
Kirby's Dreamland, refilling the adventure game on Game Boy.
Kirby marches, spits back and floats,
saving glorious Dreamland.
He's Kirby, and he packs a moon bite.
Kirby's Dreamland, only on Game Boy.
Did he buy his new spitting jeans?
Get your butt back on the couch for rent.
Stimpy has stick.
Worry up, Stimpy.
I can't do this all day.
I think I see something.
I got something, rent. I got something.
I'm so hungry, I can't stand it.
What are we having?
Ta-da!
A can.
Wait a minute. What are you having?
The usual. I'm having a sock.
You're giving me the can?
Are you sure?
Go ahead, it's yours.
You're one of the good ones, man.
Hey, whose trash is that?
Stimpy, move your butt.
It's a hire man.
Keep out of my trash.
I'm telling you for the last time.
A man works hard for his filth
just to have vagrants come and steal it.
It's a crying shame.
Man, I'm starving.
What are we gonna do?
We could find some work.
Work?
Have you lost your mind?
I'm sorry, rent.
I don't know what came over me.
That's it.
I've got a plan.
What's the plan, rent?
Well, we wait until dark.
Then we have it.
And then we have it.
See you tomorrow, rent.
Mighty incisor.
Allow me to make a business proposal.
Jimson J. Cat, professional mouse catcher.
Oh, how cute.
Look, honey, a kitty cat.
Isn't he adorable?
Yep, that's a cat, all right.
Can we keep him?
He can catch a bite.
Don't be silly, dear.
You know we don't have any mice.
Squeak!
Squeak, I tell you, squeak!
Squeak, squeak, squeak!
Man, that's the ugliest mouse I've ever seen.
And he's feeding up on our cheese.
All right, cat, you got yourself a job.
Here, here's five bucks.
Five bucks?
Now, catch that mouse.
Who might? We'll know what they mean.
That's right. You're in for it now.
Your days are numbered.
Oh.
Now, you're murdering me.
You are in trouble now, Mr. Rodin.
Oh, dear, I had no idea this would be so awesome.
The bad old cat is going to get me.
He is so fast and the wild.
What are you doing?
Put down that knife, please!
No! No, I tell you!
I have got you right where I want you, you dirty old mouse!
I am free! I have escaped!
That nasty old cat will never get me now!
I am home free!
I have you now!
Oh no! Do not throw me out into the cold, dark night!
Hey cat!
Aren't you gonna eat that mouse?
Well, go ahead! Put him in your mouth!
That's right! Eat him up good!
Don't be shy! That's a good cat!
Oh look honey! Isn't that cute?
Well go ahead kitty! Chew him up!
Yes sir! He's really enjoying himself!
Oh honey! It's pretty big to swallow!
Here, wash him down with this!
He's to the left of me!
He comes to the right of me!
I tell you I can't stand it!
I am going mad!
Oh honey look! The poor deer has coughed up a hairball!
Get me a tissue will you?
Why, that's no hairball! That's that ugly mouse!
Tell you what hon, wash it off and we'll try again.
That cat must be starving!
Oh no you don't! I am no mouse!
I am an asthma health chihuahua!
Well bye Joe! It is a chihuahua!
Go on Steampie! He's got us!
Give him back his five bucks!
I can't! I've been bad Ren!
He'll smack me!
When have I ever?
Now go ahead! Tell me what's wrong!
All this talk about eating made me hungry!
I ate the five bucks!
You stupid idiot!
You fizzy worm!
You ruined the sack!
And after you're done with those dishes
you can vacuum the rug, paint the lawn,
mow the hedge, shave the chickens!
Hey kids, there's only five more days
still yak shaving day!
I can hardly wait!
So start decorating your house with disposable diapers!
And remember to stop dead rubber boots with coleslaw!
Then on Kilted Yak Eve.
If you look real closely
you just might catch a glimpse of the shaven yak
on his enchanted canoe.
But don't forget to leave a heaping bowl of hot lather
by the sink!
Being a good boy or girl
he just might leave a surprise for you to enjoy
the next morning.
Just what I always wanted!
Shaving scum!
He's got my letter.
Well the calls are all counted
and the results are ready.
So who won?
Next kids pick the president election?
Find out next, right here on Snick.
The captain has informed me
that we may be experiencing some snicking
so please put your seats and televisions
in the full upright and snick position
that stay tuned.
Eight times more power.
Eight times more ammo.
Eight times more trouble.
Nerf master blaster double barrel pump action power.
It's nerf or nothing.
The signal goes out.
The ferocious feline is on the prowl.
But Bruce Wayne's custom coop is loaded with surprises.
Batman returns.
What was that?
It's Batman.
Catwoman sets the trap.
But Batman unstoppable.
No I'm not.
Batman strikes back.
Catwoman's here.
Batman returns.
Bruce Wayne figure included with custom coop.
Other figures sold separately.
Set him up!
This bowling stuff's right up my alley!
Shark attack bowling is the thorn.
The shark in the shark is the vault.
And the fisherman is in.
Let him up and let him go.
The shark is on the row.
Shark attack bowling.
The shark attack bowling.
Sneak up at him slow like that I strike.
Shark attack bowling.
Knock down the most big twins.
Let him up and let him go.
The shark is on the row.
Shark attack bowling.
The shark attack bowling.
I win.
Shark attack bowling.
Sure beats fishing.
When I was a tyke we got by with two kinds of snacks.
One's that tasted good and the ones that were good for you.
Now long come these new Incredibytes.
Crispy bite-sized granola sandwiches filled with
chocolate, peanut butter, vanilla cream.
You get great taste and granola goodness
and one little snack.
Con found it.
Why'd they have to go and upset the natural order of things?
New Incredibytes.
Incredibly adibly good.
Attention, sneak viewers.
This is a kids pick the president's special report
with political correspondents Clarissa and Ferguson Darling.
Ferguson's standing by because any second now
the election central hotline is going to call with the winner.
Ferguson stop it.
I was just trying to make sure the line isn't dead.
You might think you're getting excited waiting
but there are at least three guys out there right now.
George Bush, Bill Clinton and Ross Perot
watching Snick with their fingers crossed.
Well guys only one of you will be the kids pick the president
but if you're one of the losers don't give up
you still got two weeks to shape up
before the adults have their election.
I can still pull it off.
Ferguson, defeating us the election returns over the monitor.
Turn it up.
Clarissa Ferguson, we have a winner
but yesterday's kids pick the president election was so close
that out of three quarters of a million votes
the margin of victory was less than 300.
With all 748,672 calls and right in votes now counted
Nickelodeon is proud to announce
the kids pick for president of the United States of America.
Bill Clinton.
Hi, this is the president election.
I have a young daughter around here and with you
and your parents help.
We can make this country great again.
Bill Clinton received 284,334 votes, 37.98%.
George Bush came mighty close with 284,048 votes,
37.94% and Ross Perot got 180,295 votes
or 24.08% of the total kid vote.
Once again, the winner is Bill Clinton.
So there you have it.
Bill Clinton is the kids pick for president
thanks to everyone who's cared enough to vote
and make a difference.
By calling in, you've spoken out for kids everywhere.
Now back to Snick.
There it is.
It's great.
It's probably somebody's dog.
Yeah, right.
There's only one reason why you bury things out here.
Why?
Because you want to hide the evidence.
I bet my Michael Jordan rookie card
will find a maggot-ridden corpse.
Really?
Eric was the best.
Run, run!
I wasn't that scared.
Yeah, right.
It was cruel and immature.
Hey, excuse me for adding a little fuel to the fire.
Well, it wasn't funny.
Speaking of fuel to the fire, who's going tonight?
Me.
Ah, another Gorefest.
My story is about a head of a different sort.
An ancient wizard's good luck charm.
Pick it up and the world can be your oyster.
But let the hold beware.
This charm may be more than you bargained for.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story
The Tale of the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
The story takes place today,
but it began years ago.
In fact, it truly began centuries ago.
But I'm jumping ahead.
This way.
Dean Birkham was the kind of guy who blended in.
He didn't have many friends.
He didn't do sports.
And he never joined anything.
He just kind of was.
And he wasn't so great with schoolwork either.
Mr. Birkham?
You are sinking to perdition.
Only friends was Alex.
Though she was his complete opposite,
they really connected and had a great friendship.
But it was a friendship about to be put to the ultimate test.
Thanks for being with us today.
You, huh?
What's up?
Another Crenshaw chemistry catastrophe.
Ooh, ugly.
Studied hard for this.
I don't get it.
I can't catch a break.
Hey, if you keep thinking that,
well, you're always going to get dumped on.
I know.
I'm trying.
May I have a feeling your luck's going to change soon?
Great.
As long as it doesn't get any worse.
In rural culture's class, there was a special guest,
a famous archaeologist named Dr. Oliver.
Archaeology, the study of historic or prehistoric peoples
by analysis of their artifacts, inscriptions, and monuments.
The work is often painstaking,
but the results can take you on adventures
that will dagger your imagination.
For instance, the high priests of Babylon
used this golden dagger to cut out the hearts of slaves
for their sacrifices.
This ball was used for salt,
not as a spice, mind you, but as a weapon.
Some ancient cultures believed that salt
was the best way to ward off evil,
but like garlic heads to vampires.
And this little prize was recently excavated
from an ancient Babylonian sorcerer.
Does that thing belong to a sorcerer?
Inscriptions say that this scepter belonged to God,
a particularly nasty magician
who enslaved thousands to do his evil bidding.
The writings say that following God
will bring you incredible fortune.
And good luck.
Crossing him will lead to your destruction.
Of course, we don't believe in such silly things today, do we?
God will bring you incredible fortune
or lead you to your destruction.
I knew she was kidding.
I thought it was kind of cool.
Give me a break. She's trying to make her job
somewhere exciting than it really is.
Maybe.
I'm going to the library. Want to come?
I've got some stuff to do.
Okay, see you later.
Yeah.
It's become a passion for me.
I'm locking the secrets of ancient civilizations.
It's pretty cool.
Indeed.
Take your time.
Don't be afraid to touch.
Maybe I found another concert.
That's what I'm here for.
You may begin.
Yes, Mr. Birkham.
Here's my test, Ms. Crenshaw.
Is this supposed to be funny?
Is there a problem, Ms. Crenshaw?
Uh, problem?
Thank you, Mr. Birkham.
I ace this.
I can ace a test?
Or maybe you think I'm useless.
Just like everybody else.
What? What's wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
Everything is finally right.
And I'm going to prove to everybody
that I'm not the loser they think I am.
But something was wrong with Dean,
and Alex knew it.
He wouldn't talk to her
and started hanging with a whole new group of kids.
And one day, things took a very strange turn.
See?
Your jerk asses?
What would he want with that?
Together they create the mystic vapors.
The return of God is at hand.
And gathered, we are ready.
Excellent.
There's one final task to be performed
before I am freed from this infernal dimension of darkness.
I await your command.
Before the moon rises tonight,
you must gather the nightshade
and prepare the cauldron.
The mystic vapors must be released.
The cauldron will be prepared.
Do this, my young apprentice.
And all that you desire shall be yours.
And the power of the universe will be mine.
While you are afraid of the dark,
we'll rise to sneak again after this.
Nickelodeon's getting speedier,
bugsier, and funnier.
What are you voting development this is?
It's more of balloony tunes you want
every weekday on Nickelodeon.
My career path was all over the place.
Did college?
Scored bigging computers.
Won an Oscar.
The ratings on my TV debate were awesome.
Had an excellent political career
till I got caught littering.
Littering.
You kept your cash?
Publish your memoirs.
Be a star in sports, TV, or politics.
The fun is choosing your own winning combination
of fame, fortune, and happiness.
I need an experience card.
I'm loaded with love.
Careers as unpredictable as the real world
but a lot more fun.
I've always dreamed of pitching in a major
just like Nolan Ryan.
I'm going for a no-hitter with Nolan Ryan's
Strike Zone Baseball.
You pitch right in your room and see an answer
given to the play-by-play.
That's pitch.
Swing in a miss.
Pitch to the flashing light.
Better hit it or the batter will.
It's a line drive to center.
Two outs.
This guy's pretty tough.
Strike three.
That's the ball game.
Nolan Ryan's Strike Zone Baseball.
It's like playing in the big leagues.
Better warm up.
Bet you can't get up squiggly worms.
Bet you can't grab a squiggly worm.
We're wiggling, we're jiggling,
we're gonna get to giggling
squiggly worms.
New squiggly worms.
The fast-action game of picking poppin' worms
from their happy apple holes
and matching their different colored tails.
Quick, get them.
You just can't get up squiggly worms.
You just can't grab a squiggly worm.
And now, to snakewit,
are you afraid of the dark?
Ms. Crenshaw, I had to talk to Dr. Oliver.
Well, she left yesterday
on to a new school
and new mines to reach.
Can I help you with something?
There's a really strange thing going on here.
It's this clever thing she bought.
It's got the inhibitizer...
It's lost, child.
There's no reason to be alone.
Join us, and join God.
Oh, Alex, don't be scared.
It's only me.
I am scared.
What's going on, Dean?
What are you doing?
You called it.
My luck finally changed.
I'm not getting dumped on anymore.
I'm in charge, and I like it.
You're not in charge.
This is God.
God has given me the power, and I'm
using it to bring him back.
Dean, he's a monster.
At what I've done, people follow me now.
They take my orders.
Ask the school is with me.
Even the teachers.
Dean, look at me.
He's controlling you.
You've got to come back and fight this guy.
You're my best friend, Alex.
That's why I'm going to let you go.
Don't get him out of the way.
It doesn't matter anyway.
He'll be one of us soon enough.
Acid?
Sorry, Dean, it's police.
He'll rise soon.
She followed us.
And she's ticked.
Now back off.
Are you crazy?
I gave you one chance to escape, Alex.
I won't give you another murder in the van.
Dean, wake up.
Excellent.
They're going to boil her in that stuff.
What is it?
What should we call it, acid?
Maturic acid.
I hate chemistry.
Now the acid has to do with those mystic vapors,
right?
Maybe.
But what happened next?
Looks like Alex's goose is cooked.
Alex may have been backed into a corner,
but she's resourceful.
We're going.
There's a place in the school not many people know about.
It's been closed off for more than 25 years.
They say the girl went mad in there.
She broke into the school and then the guards
chased her all over.
When they found her, she was down here,
totally out of her mind.
She's been sealed off ever since.
Until tonight, that guy got the key from the security guard.
He is one of us now.
It's the perfect place to make our culture mystic vapors.
Keep her here, Alex.
I thought you'd want to stay for the main event.
Stop it, Dean!
Stop it now!
Open the barrels!
Or the acid.
Mighty God!
He had control of me.
But how did you know the chlorine would stop him?
He was on Crenshaw's chemistry exam.
Chlorine kills bacteria and the leaves were organic,
so I figured it would zap him.
So it was right.
Yeah, I guess you were.
Welcome back.
I'm afraid we failed.
But I planted jewels in high schools all over the country.
We'll have another chance.
And to think, when I was a young girl,
they thought I was mad.
I smell a sequel.
Yeah.
World's doomed.
Well, on that cheerful note,
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Disposed, it's Nick.
You can sneak again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.